Hello and welcome back.
I have a challenge for you.
This challenge is going to test your understanding of the state design pattern nice little application
here that demonstrates the state design pattern.
It's not too complex.
Basically Suppose we want to simulate the alert status of a mobile phone.
Right the phone can be either in a vibration state or a silent state.
This is typical something that I'm sure you're familiar with.
Based on this alert state the behavior of the mobile device changes when an alert happens.
Right.
The behavior is going to be different if it's in vibration or silence state.
So the steps to create this application is you need to create the state interface that would be your
first step and that should contain an alert method.
Then you need to create the context they should have a reference to the state interface.
It should have a set state method an alert method alert.
We'll use the state reference to invoke the correct instance method the correct state object denote
dynamically right through polymorphism and then you need to create two concrete state classes one for
vibration and one for silent each alert method can simply display a default message.
The phone is in silent.
The phone is in vibration.
Again a very straightforward application.
The state design pattern this is honestly pretty easy to implement.
You just have those concrete state objects and the contexts is just gonna invoke the right object dynamically
and this is very closely related to the strategy pattern which we'll show you next in the next section.
Last thing you need to do is you need to create a client class that creates a context object and sets
its various states while also issuing alerts.
And so here's some Example output vibration Vibration state changes goes in the silent still in silence
still in silent and you can modify obviously have different output and maybe play around a little bit
more to make it a little more interesting but these are the basic requirements.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
Thank you.